# Week 4 Mentor Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** Monday, 8 April 2024, 12 p.m. to 1 p.m
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly catch up with Rohitash
**Meeting Location:** Teams  

## Attendees
- Rohitash Chandra
- Doug Smithers
- Tom Bernstein
- Daniel Sartor

## Agenda Items

Who | Question
---- | ----
Tom | What content should form part of the Intro vs. the Lit Review?
Dan | Is the feature engineering process we have used valid?
Doug | How much time should we be spedning on Hyper-parameter tuning

## Discussion Items

Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ----
Report | Rohitash | Typically the context about why we are doing the project can go in the Introduction instead of the Literature Review
Report | Rohitash | If possible try to generate diagrams and visuals yourself or from your own data as these are more impactful.
Report | Rohitash | If you generate your own visuals these can be shifted to the methodology section instead of the literature review.
Report | Tom | I'll do up a description of the plots/visuals I need and pass these to Doug to generate.
Feature Engineering | Daniel | We have employed a decoupled feature engineering pipeline using MongoDB. That way when someone makes changes they are immediately reflected in a single source of truth.
Feature Engineering | Daniel | To generate our features we have focussed on splitting out our datetime column into a number of other time-series features and enriching it with other information that would affect demand. Is this reasonable or do we need other data sources to enrich the data?
Feature Engineering | Rohitash | This looks good. Due to time constraints using a simpler approach and fully exploring and describing it is better.
Model Building | Doug | How finely tuned should or models be? I have done some hyper-parameter tuning but how deep should I go?
Model Building | Rohitash | Due to time constraints I wouldn't spend time coming up with a super optimised model. I think what you have done is good but I would leave it at that. Instead spend more time describing the process and getting results to display and visualise.